Paper Review  1
Paper: Cristobal Romero, Sebastian Ventura. 2020. Educational data mining and learning analytics:
An updated survey
Purpose of the paper: To redo a comprehensive overview of the current state of knowledge in Educational data mining and learning analytics.
Dataset: a list of public datasets for Educational Data mining is shown in table below
Methods: A list of methods for Educational data mining and learning analytics are shown in table below.
Reflection on last Class(Working with data) - chapter 7
we were able to go through some basic uses cases, and functions in R studio which gave me personally a better understang of  Data handling using R studio.
This could be a base to the kind of operations  that would be done on datasets rather frequently throughtout the course of the seminar.
The operations on the Data includes: 
creating Data
read colums
read rows
rename columns and rows
select some specific colums and rows
subsetting
excluding variables
selecting observations
missing values and removing same
remove duplicates
Data classses and Outliers
some key terms introduced in this chapter included: data frame, item, joins, keys, log-trace data, passed arguments, reverse scale, regression, survey, tibble, vectorize.

In this chapter an educational dataset was used. Also, titdyverse a set of packages for data manipulation, exploration and visualization was used.

The data was first imported, this imcluded the pre_survey, course data and log-trace data from the dataedu package.

some renaming of columns were made including transforming of some specific data using the mutate and mutate_at function. sample datasets were created using tibble.

The datasets were joined(with functions like left_join, semi_join, anti_join) after the processing step some visualisations were made using the ggplot2 package.

some charts used  included:  scatter plot and bar chart.

The concept of liner models(regression) was equally introduced.

I was curious at first to see how the first chapter and introduction would be, but it was  fun and quite fufilling to learn new things.



